COPTER HACK 2021 – railways inspection drone
Hello everyone, I hope you are well, my name is Bruno Tomaz, I am Brazilian, I am 18 years old, I am a Mechatronics student at SENAI and I am a World Skills BRASIL competitor in the field of aerial robotics, I am also part of the creator of cultural movements and support DIY initiatives (do it yourself)
I believe that these ideas and initiatives promote the dissemination of knowledge and development for people.
Did you know that trains are one of the most widely used modes of transport in the world?
in addition, these are still considered vehicles of the future, since they have low pollution rates and low transport costs.
this project for copter hack 2021 is based on the creation of a drone capable of increasing the efficiency of preventive and corrective procedures on railway lines
The introduction of the drone in preventive procedures will increase the efficiency and speed of activities, in addition to avoiding costs and reducing time, the preventive procedures that the drone can assist are:
•	inspection
•	policing (vandalism regions)
•	Unwanted emergencies (identification and troubleshooting)
The introduction of the drone in corrective procedures will increase the safety and speed of the procedures, in addition to drastically reducing costs and reducing the time of operations. The best example of this is accidents, in the case of accidents such as derailment it is very common that it is necessary to call technicians to go to the site and make analyzes of the severity of the accident.
 
The introduction of the drone in corrective procedures will increase the safety and speed of the procedures, in addition to drastically reducing costs and reducing the time of operations. The best example of this is accidents, in the case of accidents such as derailment it is very common that it is necessary to call technicians to go to the site and make analyzes of the severity of the accident.
This type of analysis is normally done by taking several ground photos of the accident and using sketches identifying the position and state of each car.
this process can take hours, in addition to being sometimes unsafe and inefficient
with the introduction of a drone capable of taking aerial photos it would be possible to observe the accident as a whole, in addition to identifying by optical flow through markers each of the cars and their state.
 
This method would speed up the recognition process and be able to do it in minutes, and still make the real situation clear, making it easier to stipulate the number of employees and tools and what is the best approach.
As a consequence, the millionaire expenses that occur every hour in train accidents would be reduced
